=head1 NAME

Net::FastCGI - FastCGI

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head1 PACKAGES

=over 4

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Constant>

FastCGI protocol constants.

=item L<Net::FastCGI::Protocol>

Provides functions to build and parse FastCGI messages.

=back

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

Environment variable C<NET_FASTCGI_PP> can be set to a true value before loading 
this package to disable usage of XS implementation.

=head1 PREREQUISITES

=head2 Run-Time

=over 4

=item L<perl> 5.6 or greater.

=item L<Carp>, core module.

=item L<Exporter>, core module.

=back

=head2 Build-Time

In addition to Run-Time:

=over 4

=item L<Test::More> 0.47 or greater, core module since 5.6.2.

=item L<Test::Exception>.

=item L<Test::HexString>.

=back

=head1 EXPORTS

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=head2 Community

=over 4

=item Official FastCGI site

L<http://www.fastcgi.com/>

=back

=head2 Standards

=over 4

=item FastCGI Specification Version 1.0

L<http://www.fastcgi.com/devkit/doc/fcgi-spec.html>

=item RFC 3875 - The Common Gateway Interface (CGI) Version 1.1

L<http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3875>

=back

=head2 White papers

=over 4

=item FastCGI: A High-Performance Web Server Interface

L<http://www.fastcgi.com/devkit/doc/fastcgi-whitepaper/fastcgi.htm>

=item FastCGI - The Forgotten Treasure

L<http://cryp.to/publications/fastcgi/>

=back

=head2 Implementations

=over 4

=item L<AnyEvent::FCGI>

Application server implementation, built on top of L<AnyEvent>. Supports Responder role.
Capable of multiplexing.

=item L<FCGI>

Application server implementation, built on top of C<libfcgi> (reference implementation). 
Supports all FastCGI roles. Responds to management records. Processes requests synchronously.

=item L<FCGI::Async>

Application server implementation, built on top of L<IO::Async>. Supports Responder role. 
Responds to management records. Capable of multiplexing.

=item L<FCGI::Client>

Client (Web server) implementation. Supports Responder role.

=item L<FCGI::EV>

Application server implementation, built on top of L<EV>. Supports Responder role.

=item L<Mojo::Server::FastCGI>

Application server implementation. Supports Responder role. Processes requests synchronously.

=item L<POE::Component::FastCGI>

Application server implementation, built on top of L<POE>. Supports Responder role.
Capable of multiplexing.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Christian Hansen C<chansen@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2008-2010 by Christian Hansen.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify 
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

